README.md, before:

# EC-Cube v4 Example Project

## Get started

Before getting started with the following steps, please make sure you have met [all the requirements](https://doc4.ec-cube.net/quickstart/requirement) provided by the official documentation.

### Clone this repo

Once all the requirements are met, clone this repo and follow the steps below from the root directory of this project.

### Composer

```shell
curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php # install composer
php composer.phar selfupdate --1
php composer.phar create-project ec-cube/ec-cube ec-cube "4.0.x-dev" --keep-vcs
```

### Clone Smartpay plugin into the EC-Cube directory

```shell
cd ec-cube
git clone https://github.com/smartpay-co/ec-cube app/Plugin/Smartpay
```

### Install and enable Smartpay

```shell
./bin/console eccube:plugin:install --code=Smartpay
./bin/console eccube:plugin:enable --code=Smartpay
```

### Run the built-in web server

```shell
php -S 127.0.0.1:8000
```

### Open the admin panel for further configurations

```shell
open http://localhost:8000/admin # default credentials: admin/password
```

Commit message:

doc: added notes that PHP needs to be install even there's one already existed

README.md, after:

# EC-Cube v4 Example Project

## Get started

Before getting started with the following steps, please make sure you have met [all the requirements](https://doc4.ec-cube.net/quickstart/requirement) provided by the official documentation.

Note: if you are on MacOS, most requirements are usually met by default. However, you might need to install PHP yourself instead of using the one that comes with the OS.

If you use `brew`:

```shell
brew install php@7.4
brew link php@7.4
```

### Clone this repo

Once all the requirements are met, clone this repo and follow the steps below from the root directory of this project.

### Composer

```shell
curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php # install composer
php composer.phar selfupdate --1
php composer.phar create-project ec-cube/ec-cube ec-cube "4.0.x-dev" --keep-vcs
```

### Clone Smartpay plugin into the EC-Cube directory

```shell
cd ec-cube
git clone https://github.com/smartpay-co/ec-cube app/Plugin/Smartpay
```

### Install and enable Smartpay

```shell
./bin/console eccube:plugin:install --code=Smartpay
./bin/console eccube:plugin:enable --code=Smartpay
```

### Run the built-in web server

```shell
php -S 127.0.0.1:8000
```

### Open the admin panel for further configurations

```shell
open http://localhost:8000/admin # default credentials: admin/password
```
